So, finally, we have one last thing left which is Real-time Movie Search.
So, what was happening here is that when you were clicking on the search button, the movie was showing up.
But what are we going to do now?
We are going to search in real-time.
That means, as you keep searching, the movies will keep showing up.
How will that happen?
Here, we will be using React UseEffect.
What is UseEffect?
Basically, what is UseEffect?
Whenever your page gets loaded, when you use UseEffect,
whenever you load a page or according to some parameters,
you can run a particular function or a particular thing.
That means, let me show you.
To use UseEffect, first of all, you have to import it on top.
So, you will do useEffect, comma, slash useEffect.
So, it will automatically import.
To use it, its syntax is of this type.
So, we go down here.
Now, before that, let me tell you one more thing.
All the things related to JSX are written in return.
All the variables and functions that are created on it are created on top of it.
So, you have to keep this in mind.
So, what is UseEffect?
You do something like this.
After that, you create an arrow function inside it.
Callback function, basically.
And whatever you write inside it,
it will run whenever your page gets loaded
or whenever you want it to run.
That means, we want that whenever a user writes something in search,
in the search box,
whenever the search runs,
then only this function of search movies will run.
That means, for example, user is writing Avengers.
So, not after pressing the search button,
the movie should be seen at the same time.
So, what we will put here?
We will put the function of search movies.
And we will say that here is the search term.
This is basic.
You know that what will the movie search?
What will go in the movie function?
The search term will go and the movie will be searched there.
But the special thing here is that
when your page gets loaded,
when your page gets loaded for now,
then whatever is inside the search term will be searched.
That means, Avengers is inside the search term by default.
So, you will get this as a search value.
See, I will show you.
Now, you will go to Chrome.
So, you will see Avengers.
Here, you will be able to see Avengers' data below.
You can see Avengers.
You did not search Avengers, but you can still see it.
Here, in default, you have the Avengers value.
You set that.
Wait a minute.
You set the Avengers value in default.
If you are not using the use effect,
then you do not see it even after setting the Avengers value.
That is why you do not see it.
Because the search term has not been called yet.
But as soon as you used the use effect,
as soon as the page got loaded,
it immediately called the function of search movies.
And the search term was visible to you.
But we want that when the user starts searching something,
then the search movies are visible to him.
So, here we pass a dependency array.
What is a dependency array?
Whatever you will put in it,
by putting a comma,
whenever there will be changes in that thing,
then only your function use effect will work.
For example, we put the search term here.
So, whenever we will keep doing changes in the search term,
the user will keep searching.
The data of the movie will keep changing again and again.
So, now we go to Chrome.
And now here once,
we try to do something.
For example, we do iron man here.
So, see this.
We did not click the search button,
even after that it was searched.
So, this is real-time search.
We implemented using the use effect.
So, finally our project is completed.
You will mention it in your resume anywhere.
And remember one more thing here,
that you can modify it according to you.
This is a basic idea you have taken.
You can modify it according to you
and take it to the next level.
So, for now this project is completed.